Clarify metric point (#3906)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/data-model.md

- [Summary](#summary-legacy)

## Metric Points

**Status**: [Stable](../document-status.md)

Metric points are the basic building blocks of metrics. Depending on the [point
kind](#point-kinds), a metric point may have different fields. The following

> sections have described the fields for each point kind and how these points form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sections describe the fields for each point kind and how these points form
```
